Cast

    Sandy (child):

    Mr. Lin (Father):

    Mrs. Lin (Mother):

    Neighbor:

    Social worker:

    Wader:

    Policeman:

    May (Sandy몶s friend):

    Miss Lee (Teacher):

    몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱몱C

    Scene I

    (In Sandy몶s home)

    Father is reading newspaper in the living room.

    Father밐Sandy, I몶m thirsty. Give me some drinks. Bring me bottle more미

    Sandy밐Dad, please don몶t drink any more. It몶s enough미

    Father밐If you don몶t bring it to me, I will hit you미

    Sandy밐Yes, father미

    (But when Sandy comes, she falls down. Break the bottle and spill on father. Father is very angry and began to hit Sandy.)

    Sandy밐 Dad미Please don몶t beat me 몴

    Father밐 Hum미(Hold the bottle) Because you are so stupid and not a good child.

    Mother밐Honey몴 please stop. Our child is crying. She didn몶t do anything wrong.

    Sandy밐Dad, please몴 stop hitting me.

    Father밐Shut up미 Or I hit your mother, too.

    (In the same time, the neighbor discovers this domestic violence.)

    Neighbor밐(Calls to 110) There is a father hitting his family now. Please help them

    immediately몴 I몶m afraid the child will be in danger. The address is몴. Please, hurry up!

    Policeman밐Ok, I몶ll be there soon.

    Scene II

    (In the police station)

    Police밐Why do you abuse your child? She was innocent. Don몶t you regret to doing it

    Father밐It몶s none of your business.

    Social worker밐Mrs. Lin and Sandy, did Mr. Lin often abuse the child?

    (First, Mrs. Lin doesn몶t say anything, and then she is crying.)

    Mother밐Since he lost his job, he was drinking all the time. Sandy and I usually were

    hit by him. And if I didn몶t give him money, he sad he would kill us몴

    Father밐Nonsense미I didn몶t do that thing.

    Social worker밐Mrs. Lin, calm down. If he did it again, please call me. I몶ll help you. And I몶ll find sometime to talk to him.

    Scene III

    (In Sandy몶s classroom)

    Teacher밐Sandy, follow me after class.

    (Sandy and teacher go to office together.)

    Teacher밐You are often absent lately and your grades also are not as good as before. What happened to you?

    Sandy밐No, it몶s nothing. Thanks for your concern.

    Teacher밐Are you sure Anyway, if you have any problem, tell me, ok

    Sandy밐Ok, Miss Lee.

    (After the class, Sandy and May are on the home way.)

    May밐Sandy, I called you home yesterday. You wasn몶t at home. Your mother told me that you have a part time job. It몶s a surprise to me! What몶s the matter with your family You have to study hard during this year before you take the entrance examination. This year is very important to you. You can몶t let other things distract your studies and deprive of your study time.

    Sandy밐(crying) I know. But I have no way anymore. My father lost his job, and we

    have no money to pay all the spending.

    May밐Oh, Sandy, Don몶t worry. I will help you.

    (After the day, May decides to tell the teacher about Sandy몶s problem.)

    May밐Miss Lee, I have to talk to you something about Sandy몴

    Teacher밐May, you are Sandy몶s good friend. Do you know what몶s wrong with Sandy?

    May밐Eh몴I heard that Sandy몶s family has economic crisis, and Sandy has a part time job몴

    Teacher밐Ok, I understand. I will talk to her parents.

    Scene IV

    (On the road in front of Sandy몶s home)

    Police밐Hold it! Don몶t move미

    Father밐No미(Still running in front of the policeman)

    (The police got the father.)

    (In the police station)

    Policeman밐Mr. Lin, You can몶t go anywhere unless you promise you won몶t sell those drugs. And you should stay in the jail for six months, because we found the evidence that you are a drug dealer.

    Father밐No! Please forgive me몴.I was not on purpose.

    Mother밐(Crying) Please give him a chance to turn over a new leaf. He has to make money for the family.

    Father밐You몴shut up! Here is no need of your interjection미

    Scene V

    (In the social worker몶s office)

    Teacher밐I몶ve told you everything about Sandy몴.

    Social worker밐I see. Thanks for your help. I몶ll manage it as soon as I can. ( Turn to talk to the mother) Mrs. Lin, I understand your feeling, but it몶s her crucial time to study hard to enter a good senior high school. In another word, she can몶t do part time job after class and without review her lessons.

    Mother밐I know what you want to tell me. But, in fact, her father and I haven몶t found jobs몴and her father is in jail now because of selling drug. (Crying) Oh! I can몶t stand it anymore!

    Social worker밐Don몶t worry it. I can introduce you some work I know. As long as you work hard, you몶ll have a steady life with your daughter. Now, Sandy needs a secure and stable environment to grow up and study.

    Mother밐(Still crying) Thank you very much. If there is not your help, I don몶t know how to do몴

    Scene VI

    (After six months, outside the jail)

    Warder밐I really hope you won몶t enter here again.

    Father밐I won몶t. I몶m very embarrassed that you are so concerned with me. I really appreciate it. I don몶t know how to thank you. (He sees his wife and Sandy, smiling to him)

    Warder밐Don몶t mention it, you just made a new start from now on.

    Sandy밐Dad, Mom and I come to pick you up.

    Father밐(Crying) Sandy, I몶m very sorry about what I did. I thought a lot of things in the jail during that half a year. I shouldn몶t ruin my own life and brought crisis to the family. (Look at his wife) Dear, I몶m so sorry to you. I disappointed you very much, but you didn몶t leave me, I owe you so much몴.

    Mother밐(Crying) Don몶t say that몴 It몶s never too late to mend. I몶m glad that it몶s all over몴